hey guys this is Eric here at the
warehouse and today we're gonna take a
quick look at the Bauer pro goalie pants
now taking a look at the front side of
the pants you're gonna see they're using
a really densely woven nylon material in
there so you can get really good
abrasion resistance with these pants so
that's gonna be a nice feature for those
ice hockey goalies it might take a skate
to the pants every once in a while and
then on the front here you have those
flex cut panels on there so you can get
four really good flexibility there
without sacrificing any protection and
if we lift those up you can actually see
in there you got some ventilation in
there so you're gonna get really good
breathability with the pants as well and
then on the front here you can see
they're using a really large face design
there so you're gonna get maximum
coverage of the net as well as maximum
coverage of your your body and
protection wise and then on the inner
part here you can see they have an
additional foam piece in there so you
get some protection on the inner part of
the leg as well then going down a little
bit lower you can see they have that
thigh protector that drops down as well
as a knee protector that drops all the
way down and that's gonna be their
telescopic design as they call it which
is actually also removable if you don't
like to have that additional protection
on there now in the front side of these
pants you can see for the fit of the
pants you're gonna have that interior
Brel that's gonna be a little bit padded
as well and some of that nylon style
belt then you also have another one
that's gonna be on the outer side and
you also have the traditional lacing
system on the inside of that belly flap
right there so you're gonna get a really
good fit with these pants now taking a
look at the backside of the pants you're
gonna see that v-cut design that's gonna
allow for a more anatomical fit so
you're gonna get really good mobility
out of the pants and also with that
v-cut design you have that mesh material
right there in the V so you're gonna get
some really good mobility there as well
because you're gonna have that mesh
material that's can be able to stretch a
little bit and move with the body and
that goes all the way through the crotch
onto the front side as well now taking a
look at the top part of the pants you're
gonna see they're using an antimicrobial
mesh liner on there so it's going to
help to wick away some of the moisture
from the body and also not hold a whole
lot of bacteria in there and then as I
was saying earlier you got that padded
interior belt so it's gonna fit right up
against the body and give you a really
nice fit there and if we pull off the
hip
protection on this you can see it's some
pretty thick foams in there so you can
get pretty good protection on the side
of the pants as well and if you go down
a little bit farther they use a little
bit thicker foams as well and then in
the tailbone piece in here that you're
going to be using a plastic insert in
there so you're going to get some really
good protection on the backside in case
you do happen to fall backwards or take
a shot to the back and then going in to
the bottom of the pants you can see that
telescopic design with the knee
protector and the thigh protector in
there and then if we pull those back you
can see the foam protection in there
give me some nice thick foams as well as
plastic inserts and then it's also on
the inner side so you're gonna get some
good protection on the inner side of the
pants as well so that was just a quick
look here at the Bauer Pro goalie pants
available here in line at ice warehouse
comm